Throughout the section we had a detailed look at angler reactant view.
And what about Shakeri in the getting starting section of this course.
I kind of showed you why we might want to use a framework like view to replace Cheikh worry and that
Shakeri has some limitations and that is true but that doesn't mean the cheek worry is absolutely out
of the game.
It really depends on your needs.
If you have anything which is a bit bigger then I'm not talking about big single page applications.
I also include multi-page applications where you change a bit more things on the page if you have anything
like that.
Then Shakeri might not be the best tool for the job because it is manual state management and the fact
that you manually have to select elements add them remove them and manually make sure that everything
works together fine could quickly become cumbersome there.
However if you never had a problem with that you can of course stick to cheat Querrey.
And also if you have a very simple use case maybe you only want to show a modal and then hide it or
something like that.
Then Shakeri might also be all you need.
You don't have to go with frameworks like view Engler or react but they are great options for ever pages
where you use a bit more Javascript and certainly if you plan to create a javascript driven the front
end so a single page application then check where he will quickly reach its limits and the frameworks
present that this course will offer a much nicer way of creating such applications.